Lifewire's Technology Review Board Menu Lifewire Tech for Humans Best Products Audio Camera & Video Car Audio & Accessories Computers & Laptops Computer Accessories Game Consoles Gifts Networking Phones Smart Home Software Tablets Toys & Games TVs Wearables News Phones Internet & Security Computers Smart Home Home Theater Software & Apps Social Media Streaming Gaming Windows Streaming Smart Home How-To Gaming Smartphones Streaming Social Media Smart Life Networking & Security Software & Apps Home Theater Email & Messaging About Us Our Experts Technology Review Board Product Review Guidelines How-To Guidelines Diversity and Inclusion Email Address Newsletter! Search Close Search the site GO News Phones Internet & Security Computers Smart Home Home Theater Software & Apps Social Media Streaming Gaming ALL NEWS Best Products Audio Camera & Video Car Audio & Accessories Computer & Laptops Computer Accessories Gaming Gifts Networking Phones Smart Home Software Tablets Toys & Games TVs Wearables ALL BEST-OF & REVIEWS Mobile Phones iPhone & iOS Android Samsung Google ALL MOBILE PHONES Computers Microsoft Apple Google Tablets Accessories & Hardware ALL COMPUTERS Smart Life Smart Home Wearables Electric Vehicles Eco Tech Headphones & Earbuds Working From Home Connected Car Travel Tech iPods & MP3 ALL SMART LIFE Streaming Streaming Devices Streaming TV & Movies Music & Podcasts Cutting the Cord ALL STREAMING Gaming Consoles & PCs Gaming Services Game Play & Streaming Mobile Gaming ALL GAMING Social Media Facebook Pinterest Twitter Snapchat Instagram YouTube Online Dating ALL SOCIAL MEDIA Software & Apps File Types Apps Windows MS Office Linux Google Drive Backup & Utilities Design ALL SOFTWARE & APPS Home Theater TV & Displays Audio DVDs, DVRs & Videos ALL HOME THEATER Networking & Security 5G Home Networking Error Messages Browsers Antivirus Family Tech Cloud Services Around the Web ALL NETWORKING & SECURITY Email & Messaging Email Messaging Video Calling ALL EMAIL & MESSAGING Get tech?s top stories in 30 seconds: Email Address Sign up There was an error. Please try again. Thanks! About Us Contact Us Editorial Guidelines Privacy Policy Internet, Networking, & Security > Around the Web Technology Review Board An added layer of expertise for our articles In This Article Expand Jump to a Section Our Technology Review Board Meet Our Reviewers Contact Us We believe it's critical that our instructional and other supportive content is as accurate as possible. We believe a great way to do this is to have our how-to and related content reviewed by a dedicated team of specialists that we call our Technology Review Board. We are the first and, last we checked, only tech site to use a Technology Review Board. Sure, it's extra work for us, but it keeps our readers up-to-date and confident in our ability to provide the information they need, so we're happy to go the extra mile. Our Technology Review Board Lifewire's Technology Review Board is a team of certified technology experts who ensure our content is technically accurate and reflects the latest updates for the products you use. This is an additional review layer we add in on top of the expert writers and editors who initially create our articles. In addition to reviewing new articles, Technology Review Board members also regularly review previously published content on the site to be certain it stays timely and that instructions are updated to work properly for newer versions of devices and software. Our Technology Review Board members are certified in numerous areas across the world of technology. They use their experience, certification, education, and original research to review and provide specific feedback on the instructional and editorial content on Lifewire to help ensure it meets our strict quality standards. Meet Our Reviewers Our reviewers cover all kinds of technical ground so you don't have to. Say hi the next time you're in line next with one of them at the electronics store! Kayla Dube Writer and Lifewire Technology Review Board Member Kayla Dube has 4+ years' experience in videography and filmmaking. She frequently works in production with indie film companies. She holds the following certification:  Certified Adobe Associate Jon Fisher Lifewire Technology Review Board Member Jon graduated from Wichita Technical Institute in 2010 with six IT certifications: CompTIA A+ CompTIA Network+  CompTIA Security+ MCTS: Configuring Windows Server 2008 Network Infrastructure MCTS: Configuring Windows Server 2008 Active Directory MCTS: Configuring Windows Vista Michael Barton Heine Jr Lifewire Technology Review Board Member Michael Heine is a CompTIA-certified writer, editor, and network engineer with 25 years of experience working in the television, defense, ISP, telecommunications, and education industries. He holds the following IT Certifications: CompTIA A+ CompTIA Security+ ce CFOT CPCT Lean Six Sigma Green Belt AS in Electronic Engineering Jessica Kormos Lifewire Technology Review Board Member Jessica Kormos is a writer and editor with 15 years' experience writing articles, copy, and UX content. Jessica received a Bachelor?s Degree in Professional Writing from Saint Mary-of-the-Woods College.  She holds the following certification: Certified Social Media Professional from Hootsuite Jerrick Leger Lifewire Technology Review Board Member Jerrick Leger is a CompTIA-certified IT Specialist with more than 10 years of experience in technical support and IT fields. He is also a systems administrator for an IT firm in Texas serving small businesses. He was previously an Apple Genius Bar tech and holds the following certifications:  CompTIA A+ Certified Network+ Certified Lisa Mildon Lifewire Technology Review Board Member & Quality Team Editor Lisa Mildon is a former Lifewire writer and an IT professional with 30 years' experience. She holds the following certifications:  ITIL Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management Microsoft Technology Associate ? Windows Operating Systems CIW Web Foundations Associate CIW Web Design Specialist CompTIA A+ CompTIA Security+ AMA Management Skills for New Supervisors Ryan Perian Lifewire Technology Review Board Member Ryan Perian is a certified IT specialist who holds numerous IT certifications and has 12+ years' experience working in the IT industry support and management positions.  His certifications are:  CompTIA A+ CompTIA Project + HDI Support Center Analyst CIW Web Foundations Associate Microsoft MTA Networking Fundamentals Microsoft Azure Fundamentals EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacker EC-Council Certified Computer Hacking Forensics Investigator Chris Selph Lifewire Technology Review Board Member Chris Selph is a network & server administrator and performs computer maintenance and repair for numerous clients. He holds the following certifications:  CompTIA: A+, Network+, Security+, CyberSecurity Analyst+, Linux+ Microsoft Certified Solutions Associate: Windows Server Microsoft Office Specialist: Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook Microsoft Office Specialist Master Linux Professional Institute Certification 1 VMWare Certified Associate in Datacenter Virtualization and Digital Business Transformation Contact Us Have more questions about how this all works? Let us know! Lifewire Tech for Humans Follow Us Facebook Twitter Subscribe to our newsletter and get tech?s top stories in 30 seconds. Email Address Submit There was an error. Please try again. You're in! Thanks for signing up. There was an error. Please try again. Thank you for signing up! You can opt-out at any time. For more details, see our Privacy Policy. News Best Products Mobile Phones Computers About Us Advertise Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Careers Editorial Guidelines Contact Terms of Use California Privacy Notice Lifewire is part of the Dotdash Meredith publishing family.