Lifewire's Experts Menu Lifewire Tech for Humans Best Products Audio Camera & Video Car Audio & Accessories Computers & Laptops Computer Accessories Game Consoles Gifts Networking Phones Smart Home Software Tablets Toys & Games TVs Wearables News Phones Internet & Security Computers Smart Home Home Theater Software & Apps Social Media Streaming Gaming Windows Streaming Smart Home How-To Gaming Smartphones Streaming Social Media Smart Life Networking & Security Software & Apps Home Theater Email & Messaging About Us Our Experts Technology Review Board Product Review Guidelines How-To Guidelines Diversity and Inclusion Email Address Newsletter! Search Close Search the site GO News Phones Internet & Security Computers Smart Home Home Theater Software & Apps Social Media Streaming Gaming ALL NEWS Best Products Audio Camera & Video Car Audio & Accessories Computer & Laptops Computer Accessories Gaming Gifts Networking Phones Smart Home Software Tablets Toys & Games TVs Wearables ALL BEST-OF & REVIEWS Mobile Phones iPhone & iOS Android Samsung Google ALL MOBILE PHONES Computers Microsoft Apple Google Tablets Accessories & Hardware ALL COMPUTERS Smart Life Smart Home Wearables Electric Vehicles Eco Tech Headphones & Earbuds Working From Home Connected Car Travel Tech iPods & MP3 ALL SMART LIFE Streaming Streaming Devices Streaming TV & Movies Music & Podcasts Cutting the Cord ALL STREAMING Gaming Consoles & PCs Gaming Services Game Play & Streaming Mobile Gaming ALL GAMING Social Media Facebook Pinterest Twitter Snapchat Instagram YouTube Online Dating ALL SOCIAL MEDIA Software & Apps File Types Apps Windows MS Office Linux Google Drive Backup & Utilities Design ALL SOFTWARE & APPS Home Theater TV & Displays Audio DVDs, DVRs & Videos ALL HOME THEATER Networking & Security 5G Home Networking Error Messages Browsers Antivirus Family Tech Cloud Services Around the Web ALL NETWORKING & SECURITY Email & Messaging Email Messaging Video Calling ALL EMAIL & MESSAGING Get tech?s top stories in 30 seconds: Email Address Sign up There was an error. Please try again. Thanks! About Us Contact Us Editorial Guidelines Privacy Policy Internet, Networking, & Security > Around the Web Lifewire's Experts Expertise matters. In This Article Expand Jump to a Section Writers Editors Reviewers Surveillance Team At Lifewire, we take very seriously the credentials and experience behind the people who write, edit, and update the technology content you find here. Across our teams, we're careful to work with real experts in their fields, with education, work, and writing experience we can verify. Writers Our writers have extensive experience working with the tech they write about. They are leaders in the field ? hosting talks, creating technology videos or podcasts, developing apps and software, or teaching classes about their subjects ? and the majority of our writers hold advanced degrees. Not only are they experts, but they're also real people who use the technology they write about and are passionate about sharing what they know with you. Expert Highlight: Sam Costello Sam Costello is a professional technologist and has been writing for Lifewire since 2016, with a career in technology dating back to 2001. He specializes in writing about Apple products but knows his way around most tech devices. Sam has been featured on CNN, PC World, InfoWord, ComputerWorld, NetworkWorld and MacWorld, and he?s been U.S. correspondent for IDG News Service and an on-air guest for numerous radio stations discussing various types of technology. He is also the author of My Apple TV and My iPad for Kids. Sam holds a B.A. in Media Studies from Ithaca College. You can find out more about the expert who wrote any article on Lifewire via the byline, located just under the article's title. Our bylines link to dedicated author pages where you can read all about their expertise and see all the articles they've written for us. Editors Our editors have many different roles, responsibilities, and titles, but they all have one thing in common: they make sure you're reading the right content at the right time, and that it's presented in a way that makes it easy to understand. By requiring our editors to have real technology expertise as well as strong editorial skills, we know we have the right people in place to ensure that every new article is the best version it can possibly be. Expert Highlight: Jerri Ledford Jerri L. Ledford is a News Editor for Lifewire with more than 20 years' experience in writing and editing. Prior to this position, Jerri was a Content Project Manager for Studio B and Mighty Guides. Jerri has written thousands of articles which have appeared both online and in print for Computerworld, PCMag, Office.com, Intel, Ziff Davis, and many more (including Lifewire). She also designs training courses and materials for corporations and occasionally speaks at industry conferences. In addition, Jerri is the author of more than a dozen consumer technology books including: The Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Bible; Google Analytics; and Web Geek's Guide to Google Chrome. You can read more about our editors and other leaders in the Our Team section on our About Us page. Reviewers Our Technology Review Board members are certified in numerous areas across the world of technology. They use their experience, certification, education, and original research to review and provide specific feedback on the instructional and editorial content on Lifewire to help ensure it meets our strict quality standards. Expert Highlight: Jon Fisher Jon Fisher graduated from Wichita Technical Institute in 2010 with six IT certifications: CompTIA A+, CompTIA Network+, CompTIA Security+, MCTS: Configuring Windows Server 2008 Network Infrastructure, MCTS: Configuring Windows Server 2008 Active Directory, and MCTS: Configuring Windows Vista. Jon is also a tech writer with more than 6 years' experience and his work has appeared on TechNorms, Online-Tech-Tips, Guiding Tech, and Help Desk Geek. He previously worked as a Help Desk Technician for a large manufacturing organization. Reviewed articles have a second byline with the name of the expert who reviewed the article. Like our author bylines, our reviewer bylines link to dedicated pages where you can read all about the reviewers' expertise. You can read more about our Technology Review Board here. Surveillance Team Our Surveillance Team monitors and reacts to changes in the technology world so our how-to articles stay updated over time. The members of this team, then, must not only be experts across many areas of technology but must also have their pulse on what's happening at all times. Expert Highlight: Evan Killham Evan Killham has been writing about tech and pop culture since 2009 for sites like Lifewire, VentureBeat, Cult of Mac, and ScreenRant. This unique combination of experiences has made Evan a perfect member of our Surveillance Team: tech savvy and also skilled at staying in-the-know. Evan has also performed consulting work for Novy Unlimited, a PR firm that represents independent video game developers. He has a Bachelor of Arts, double major in English and Film Studies. You can read more about our Surveillance Team in the Accurate and Up to Date section of our How-To Editorial Guidelines. Lifewire Tech for Humans Follow Us Facebook Twitter Subscribe to our newsletter and get tech?s top stories in 30 seconds. Email Address Submit There was an error. Please try again. You're in! Thanks for signing up. There was an error. Please try again. Thank you for signing up! You can opt-out at any time. For more details, see our Privacy Policy. News Best Products Mobile Phones Computers About Us Advertise Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Careers Editorial Guidelines Contact Terms of Use California Privacy Notice Lifewire is part of the Dotdash Meredith publishing family.