Russian rocket strike on Ukrainian train station kills at least 30 people trying to evacuate, officials say Business Insider Russian rocket strike on Ukrainian train station kills at least 30 people trying to evacuate, officials say Alexandra Ma,Will Martin April 8, 2022, 7:04 a.m. ? 2 min read Russian rocket strike on Ukrainian train station kills at least 30 people trying to evacuate, officials say Two Russian rockets hit a train station in eastern Ukraine Friday morning, Ukraine's state-run rail company said. The strike on Kramatorsk killed at least 30 people and injured more than 100 others, the company said. The victims were fleeing their homes, though their final destinations were not known. At least 30 people were killed after two Russian rockets hit a train station in Kramatorsk, eastern Ukraine, that was packed with people who had fled their homes, Ukrainian officials said Friday morning. More than 100 other people were injured, the state-owned Ukrainian Railways said, per a report from Reuters. It was not clear where the evacuees' final destination was. Kramatorsk is located in Donetsk, a pro-Russian oblast in Ukraine's Donbas region. On February 21, the Kremlin recognized Donetsk, as well as the pro-Russia oblast of Luhansk, as independent states, giving Russia a pretext to attack Ukraine. Russia invaded Ukraine on February 24. Ukraine's parliament shared graphic videos and photos of dead bodies lying on the street with backpacks strewn around them. Insider has chosen not to republish the footage. Eliot Higgins of the Bellingcat investigative news site tweeted that one of the rockets used was a Tochka-U, a Soviet-era tactical ballistic missile. ?Eliot Higgins (@EliotHiggins) April 8, 2022 Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy condemned the strike and also said the weapon used was a Tochka-U. "Lacking the strength and courage to stand up to us on the battlefield, they are cynically destroying the civilian population," he said in an Instagram post, referring to Russian forces. "This is an evil that has no limits. And if it is not punished, it will never stop." Russia has consistently denied attacking civilians despite a multitude of evidence indicating so. In a statement carried by the Russian state TV network Zvezda, the Russian defense ministry claimed that the strike on Kramatorsk was a Ukrainian hoax, and that the missile used in the attack is only used by Ukrainian forces. No proof was provided for these assertions. Pavlo Kryrylenko, a regional government official, said after the attack: "The Russians knew exactly where they were hitting and who they were targeting." A separate air strike on a train line also blocked three trains carrying evacuees from moving on Thursday, Ukrainian Railways said, according to Reuters. Ukrainian and Western officials said in recent weeks that Russia appeared to be repositioning its troops to eastern Ukraine. Read the original article on Business Insider Our goal is to create a safe and engaging place for users to connect over interests and passions. In order to improve our community experience, we are temporarily suspending article commenting Home News Video Watchlists My Portfolio Real Estate My Screeners Tech Currency Converter Terms (Updated) Help Share your feedback Privacy (Updated) About Us About Our Ads Follow us on twitter facebook ? 2022 Yahoo. All rights reserved.