S&P 500 (^GSPC) Charts, Data & News - Yahoo Finance Yahoo Search No matching results for '' Tip: Try a valid symbol or a specific company name for relevant results Cancel Mail Summary Historical Data Options Components ^GSPC - S&P 500 SNP - SNP Real Time Price. Currency in USD 4,500.21 +19.06 (+0.43%) At close: 05:01PM EDT Stock chart is not supported by your current browser Previous Close 4,481.15 Open 4,474.65 Volume 2,596,329,000 Day's Range 4,450.30 - 4,521.16 52 Week Range 4,056.88 - 4,818.62 Avg. Volume 4,038,447,741 Yahoo Finance Stock market news live updates: Stock futures extend gains, with Fed in focus U.S. stock futures gained Friday morning, with investors continuing to contemplate the next policy moves by the Federal Reserve. The most bullish story in the stock market right now: Morning Brief Yahoo Finance Equity markets may ?go back up? to all-time highs over the next few months: Strategist Yahoo Finance Video Yahoo Finance Video Tesla, Costco lead stocks into the green at the close Yahoo Finance reporter Ines Ferre looks at today's market action, highlighting some of the biggest leaders and laggards of the day. Stock market news live updates: Stocks rebound to close higher as investors digest hawkish Fed minutes Yahoo Finance Bond market action ?offering up a lot of opportunities? for income investors: Strategist Yahoo Finance Video Yahoo Finance Video Markets check: Stocks edging higher, Chinese stocks under pressure Yahoo Finance's Ines Ferre details the sector action heading into the day's final trading hour, as well as Nasdaq leaders and Chinese stocks. Fed will tip U.S. economy ?into a recession by the end of next year?: Deutsche Bank economist Yahoo Finance Video S&P 500 companies get the most analyst Buy ratings in over a decade Yahoo Finance Yahoo Finance Video S&P 500 stock buy ratings hit highest level in a decade Yahoo Finance?s Alexandra Semenova joins the Live show to discuss the outlook among analysts for stock amid volatility and inflation. Market check: Stocks mixed in early trading, tech gains, oil rebounds Yahoo Finance Video Jobless claims: Another 166,000 Americans filed new claims last week Yahoo Finance Motley Fool These 3 Dividend ETFs Are a Retiree's Best Friend If your goal is to continue to making money during retirement without doing a thing, this is a good place to start. 1 ETF I'm Stocking Up On If the Market Crashes Motley Fool Why This ETF Is My No. 1 Recommendation for New Investors Motley Fool Motley Fool This Unofficial Dividend King Is a Great Stock for Income Investors The goal of dividend growth investors is to pick stocks that have both lengthy track records of raising their payouts and a proven ability to keep paying out year after year. The veteran manufacturer Leggett & Platt (NYSE: LEG) is a lesser-known stock that qualified as a Dividend King until just recently. Only S&P 500 index stocks qualify for the designation and Leggett & Platt got bumped out of the S&P 500 in December. Bloomberg U.S. Equity Futures Rise; Dollar Extends Rally: Markets Wrap (Bloomberg) -- Markets are ending the week on a positive note, with U.S index futures rising and European equities rebounding after two days of declines sparked by the Federal Reserve?s plan for aggressive monetary-policy tightening.Most Read from BloombergCanada to Ban Foreigners From Buying Homes as Prices SoarMocked as ?Rubble? by Biden, Russia?s Ruble Roars BackPutin Army Regroups for Ukraine Showdown After Invasion SetbackRussia Sidesteps Sanctions to Supply Energy to Willing WorldDHL Jet S Toshiba Climbs On Plans To Review Privatization Bids Bloomberg BOE Says Energy Price Surge Makes Net-Zero Shift ?Bumpier? Bloomberg Reuters GLOBAL MARKETS-European stocks rebound, dollar index hits 100 European shares rebounded on Friday, playing catch-up with a modest bounce the previous day on Wall Street, and the dollar index hit 100 for the first time in nearly two years as U.S. bond yields hovered near multi-year highs. Risk appetite declined during the week as minutes from the Federal Reserve and European Central Bank showed policymakers are set to ramp up efforts to rein in inflation. Futures for the S&P 500, Dow Jones Industrial Average and Nasdaq 100 were all up around 0.2%. Motley Fool 1 ETF I'm Stocking Up On If the Market Crashes If the stock market is known for anything, it's volatility. In recent weeks, though, stock prices have started to slide, with the market officially entering correction territory earlier this year. How likely is a stock market crash? Why This ETF Is My No. 1 Recommendation for New Investors Motley Fool These 3 Dividend ETFs Are a Retiree's Best Friend Motley Fool Motley Fool I Buy Individual Stocks All the Time, but Here's Why I'm Still a Fan of Index Funds When I first began buying stocks, I was admittedly nervous about it. I didn't want to rely on a strategy of only buying companies I'd heard of or those that were in the news a lot. Rather, I wanted my decisions to be more data driven. Bloomberg European Stocks Gain After Dip as Investors Mull Low Valuations (Bloomberg) -- European equities climbed after two days of declines as investors took advantage of more appealing valuations while weighing risks from hawkish central banks and the war in Ukraine.Most Read from BloombergCanada to Ban Foreigners From Buying Homes as Prices SoarMocked as ?Rubble? by Biden, Russia?s Ruble Roars BackPutin Army Regroups for Ukraine Showdown After Invasion SetbackRussia Sidesteps Sanctions to Supply Energy to Willing WorldDHL Jet Skids Off Runway, Breaks Up After Emer Toshiba Climbs On Plans To Review Privatization Bids Bloomberg BOE Says Energy Price Surge Makes Net-Zero Shift ?Bumpier? Bloomberg Yahoo Finance UK FTSE races ahead as UK salaries soar at fastest pace since 1997 A rally on Wall Street overnight helped lift European stocks on Friday as investor jitters over the Ukraine war and soaring oil prices wane. Ukraine slams Germany?s ?shameful? dependence on Putin?s gas - live updates The Telegraph U.K. Joining Salaries Rising at the Fastest Rate Since 1997 Bloomberg Zacks OneWater Marine (ONEW) Gains But Lags Market: What You Should Know OneWater Marine (ONEW) closed at $31.51 in the latest trading session, marking a +0.38% move from the prior day. Zacks Planet Fitness (PLNT) Stock Sinks As Market Gains: What You Should Know Planet Fitness (PLNT) closed at $81.18 in the latest trading session, marking a -0.72% move from the prior day. Zacks Lithia Motors (LAD) Outpaces Stock Market Gains: What You Should Know In the latest trading session, Lithia Motors (LAD) closed at $297.86, marking a +0.54% move from the previous day. Zacks Generac Holdings (GNRC) Stock Sinks As Market Gains: What You Should Know Generac Holdings (GNRC) closed at $296.96 in the latest trading session, marking a -1.04% move from the prior day. Zacks LendingClub (LC) Outpaces Stock Market Gains: What You Should Know In the latest trading session, LendingClub (LC) closed at $14.62, marking a +0.55% move from the previous day. Zacks Autodesk (ADSK) Gains But Lags Market: What You Should Know In the latest trading session, Autodesk (ADSK) closed at $204.77, marking a +0.41% move from the previous day. Zacks Kohl's (KSS) Gains But Lags Market: What You Should Know Kohl's (KSS) closed the most recent trading day at $58, moving +0.02% from the previous trading session. Zacks PPL (PPL) Stock Sinks As Market Gains: What You Should Know In the latest trading session, PPL (PPL) closed at $29.13, marking a -0.88% move from the previous day. Zacks GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) Outpaces Stock Market Gains: What You Should Know In the latest trading session, GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) closed at $46.23, marking a +1.12% move from the previous day. Zacks Medtronic (MDT) Outpaces Stock Market Gains: What You Should Know Medtronic (MDT) closed at $112.33 in the latest trading session, marking a +0.55% move from the prior day. Zacks Toll Brothers (TOL) Stock Sinks As Market Gains: What You Should Know Toll Brothers (TOL) closed at $45.71 in the latest trading session, marking a -1.27% move from the prior day. Zacks Berkshire Hathaway B (BRK.B) Outpaces Stock Market Gains: What You Should Know Berkshire Hathaway B (BRK.B) closed the most recent trading day at $346.51, moving +0.52% from the previous trading session. HP soars 14.8%, sets record after Buffett reveals $4.2 billion stake Reuters Warren Buffett buying spree goes on, HP soars on 11.5% stake Associated Press Zacks Daqo New Energy (DQ) Gains But Lags Market: What You Should Know Daqo New Energy (DQ) closed the most recent trading day at $43.95, moving +0.11% from the previous trading session. Finance News Video Watchlists My Portfolio Real Estate My Screeners Tech Market Data Industry News Currency Converter