Structured literacy Archives - The Measured Mom Skip to main content Blog Podcast Courses Teaching Every Reader Teaching Every Writer Subscriber Freebies About Contact Shop Member Login Search this website The Measured Mom Education resources for parents and teachers Alphabet Reading Structured literacy Printable Books Pre-Reading Phonics Sight Words Comprehension Fluency Vocabulary Writing Grammar Handwriting Spelling Writing in Pre-K Writing Workshop in K-3 Math Counting Number Recognition Addition & Subtraction Colors, Shapes & Patterns Visual Discrimination Time, Money & Measurement Place Value Graphs Multiplication & Division Fractions Problem Solving Book Lists Letter of the Week Early Childhood Themes Pre-Reading Skills Math Concepts Writing Mentor Texts Versions of Familiar Tales Holidays and Seasonal History Leveled Book Lists Join Membership Shop Blog Alphabet Reading Writing Math Book Lists Podcast Courses Teaching Every Reader Teaching Every Writer Subscriber Freebies About Membership Contact Search this website Structured literacy In the past, I was a strong proponent of balanced literacy. As I study the science of reading, I now favor a more structured approach. Structured literacy is effective for all students. It uses explicit, systematic instruction to teach the foundational elements of reading. MEMBER RESOURCES BECOME A MEMBER HERE Member training: How to teach phonemic awareness Member quick link: All decodable passages Member quick link: All phonemic awareness activities Member quick link: All comprehension passages Check out these helpful links and resources 5 Important things you may not know about phonological awareness Free decodable passages for short a CVC words Sight word lessons and sight word books Signs of dyslexia 5 Ways to build the alphabetic principle Science of Reading Bootcamp ? Spring 2022 How to keep the rest of your class learning as you meet with small groups Free phonics scope and sequence Sign up for our email list and get this FREE scope and sequence! I created this sequence based on my research, teaching experience, and Orton-Gillingham training. After you sign up, you'll get a special offer for our Ultimate Collection of Phonics Word Lists. The scope and sequence will arrive in your email shortly. Busting 12 dyslexia myths How to plan and teach small group phonics lessons What you need to know about Orton-Gillingham How to give small group phonics lessons What does phonics have to do with comprehension? Free phonics assessment Do?s and don?ts for teaching phonics Mistakes to avoid when giving phonics instruction Reaction to Fountas & Pinnell #10: Do Fountas and Pinnell REALLY want teachers to educate themselves? Response to Fountas & Pinnell #9: Do teachers know best? Reaction to Fountas & Pinnell #8: Is structured literacy responsive? How to use blending lines How to use a sound wall Reaction to Fountas & Pinnell #7: Do Fountas & Pinnell promote ?balanced literacy?? What order should you teach phonics skills? Reaction to Fountas & Pinnell #6: We can teach phonics AND language comprehension Go to page 1 Go to page 2 Go to page 3 Next Page Shop these popular resources! Sound Wall Printables $18.00 Ultimate Collection of Phonics Word Lists $15.00 Decodable Passages: CVC Words $5.00 Shop all resources Members get more! Save hours of time with an organized collection of high quality, easy-prep printables right at your fingertips! With your membership, you will receive: Immediate access to hundreds of engaging student printables. Download each file with a single click! Free no-print resources that are engaging for students and easy for you Immediate access to on-demand video workshops and mini-courses that you can watch whenever it?s convenient New resources every month 33% savings on all products from The Measured Mom Shop An enjoyable ads-free experience Learn More Meet Our Team Hello, I?m Anna! Welcome to The Measured Mom. I?m so glad you?re here! I?m a former teacher (M.Ed.) now raising my six kids at home. I support teachers and parents with hands-on lessons, printables, and other thoughtful teaching resources. I love creating engaging math and literacy resources that save you time and energy. Stay connected by following me via the links below! ?Seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well.? ?Matthew 6:33 Copyright ? 2022 The Measured Mom ?  All rights reserved  ?  Privacy & Disclosure Statement  ?  Site Design by Emily White Designs