Welcome to The Measured Mom! - The Measured Mom Blog Podcast Courses Teaching Every Reader Teaching Every Writer Subscriber Freebies About Contact Shop Member Login Search this website The Measured Mom Education resources for parents and teachers Alphabet Reading Structured literacy Printable Books Pre-Reading Phonics Sight Words Comprehension Fluency Vocabulary Writing Grammar Handwriting Spelling Writing in Pre-K Writing Workshop in K-3 Math Counting Number Recognition Addition & Subtraction Colors, Shapes & Patterns Visual Discrimination Time, Money & Measurement Place Value Graphs Multiplication & Division Fractions Problem Solving Book Lists Letter of the Week Early Childhood Themes Pre-Reading Skills Math Concepts Writing Mentor Texts Versions of Familiar Tales Holidays and Seasonal History Leveled Book Lists Join Membership Shop Blog Alphabet Reading Writing Math Book Lists Podcast Courses Teaching Every Reader Teaching Every Writer Subscriber Freebies About Membership Contact Search this website Welcome to The Measured Mom! The purpose of The Measured Mom is to educate parents, teachers, and students around the world. Our mission is to help PreK-third grade educators meet the needs of their students by publishing educational blog posts and podcast episodes, and by creating high quality, low-prep student resources. Anna Geiger, M.Ed. CEO of The Measured Mom Well, hello! Do you ever get Pinterest fatigue? You know ? where you spend so much time looking for the perfect activity that you start to see the same results over and over again? Do you ever find yourself spending way too much time prepping your lessons and centers? I?ve been there. As a teacher, I was at school until 10 P.M. on school nights ? and came back to work all weekend! I want better for you. That?s why I created The Measured Mom, your go-to website for easy-prep math and structured literacy resources that your students will love so much they?ll forget they?re learning. I taught in a variety of grade levels (1st through 5th grade) and earned my M.Ed. before leaving the classroom to raise my children at home. I?m now a work-at-home mom of six kids ages 5-14. Free phonics scope and sequence Sign up for our email list and get this FREE scope and sequence! I created this sequence based on my research, teaching experience, and Orton-Gillingham training. After you sign up, you?ll get a special offer for our Ultimate Collection of Phonics Word Lists. The scope and sequence will arrive in your email shortly. Meet the team Rachel Boerner, B.S.Ed. Social Media Manager & Membership Support Rachel graduated from college with a degree in Elementary Education and has been homeschooling her children since 2014. A mom of three, she?s been part of our team since 2017. Rachel is a genuine, kind, and trustworthy woman who is also smart, organized, and efficient. We?re blessed to have her as the coordinator of The Measured Mom Plus. In addition to serving our customers, she makes sure that we produce and share engaging, high quality resources each month. Rachel also helps manage our Facebook page. Laura Cherney, B.S.Ed. Executive Assistant & Printable Creator Laura graduated with a double major in Early Childhood and Elementary Education. She taught and subbed in a variety of grades and is now raising her three children. Laura is that rare combination of incredibly smart and super funny. She is my right-hand woman who works faster than anyone I know. Laura is our front-line customer support. She?s also a talented editor and writer; I?m thankful that she lends us her creative energy as she helps create printables for The Measured Mom Plus. We?ve been blessed to have her on our team since 2018. Heather Groth, B.S.Ed. Customer Service & Printable Creator Heather graduated with a major in Elementary Education and a minor in Science. She has taught in a variety of grade levels from preschool through third grade (including a year of teaching ESL in Beijing, China!). She is now raising her three children at home. Heather is efficient and friendly, not to mention super intelligent. (And I should know. I first met Heather quite a few years ago when I was her fifth grade teacher!) Heather currently serves in the role of customer support and has recently started creating resources for The Measured Mom Plus. She joined our team in the fall of 2020. Rene Parsons, B.S.Ed. Printable Creator & Editor Rene graduated with a B.S. in elementary and secondary education. She taught a variety of grades and served as a math tutor before becoming a SAHM, and she is now homeschooling her six kids (ages 2-12). As a seasoned homeschooler, Rene has been a big fan of The Measured Mom printables for many years. We?re thrilled that she joined our team in 2020 as a printable creator! She is full of creativity and is exceptionally good at designing math printables for our membership. We?re also glad that she uses her strong writing skills to be an editor for our resources. Rene is a fast learner and never without ideas. We?re so glad to have her talent, enthusiasm, and efficiency on our team! Regina Hendricks, B.A.Ed. Printable Creator & Editor Regina earned a Bachelor of Arts degree with a major in elementary education and a middle school concentration in Social Studies. After teaching kindergarten and first grade, she left the classroom to raise her children. She is now homeschooling her three kids (ages PreK to fourth grade). Regina is thoughtful and creative, with a special interest in studying curricula. We?re so thankful that she joined us in 2020 to create membership printables and serve as a printable editor! Free phonics assessment Looking for a free phonics assessment to help you gauge where your students are at with their phonics knowledge? We?ve got you covered with this comprehensive, yet easy-to-use resource! One teacher wrote, ?I?ve used many phonics assessments and lot of them are very good, but this is the best I?ve seen!? Here?s how we serve YOU FREE BLOG On The Measured Mom blog I share hundreds of easy-to-use printables that will help you teach math and literacy to learners in Pre-K through third grade.  I also share how-to articles that simplify teaching and give you the tools you need to be successful in your classroom or homeschool. I just wanted to say THANK YOU so much for all of the information, courses, and materials you share. Your stuff is such good teaching, and I trust anything and everything you do! Brittany SUBSCRIBER FREEBIES When you sign up for our free newsletter, you?ll get access to even more freebies in our subscriber library. You?ll also get emails with teaching tips, special offers, and exclusive gifts only for subscribers. TIME-SAVING DIGITAL PRODUCTS You have a life to live, and my products will free up your time so you can live it! Shop my store for preschool curricula, phonics books and games, theme packs, reading passages, and a whole lot more. COMPREHENSIVE ONLINE COURSES I teamed up with my colleague, Becky Spence (M.Ed.), to create two online courses for K-2 teachers. Teaching Every Reader will help you confidently teach every reader in your classroom. Teaching Every Writer will give you everything you need to teach writing well. PRACTICAL TEACHING TIPS ON THE PODCAST My free podcast, Triple R Teaching, provides simple strategies and practical tips for Pre-K through third grade educators. In each quick, practical episode, I?ll show you how to make small changes to improve how you teach math and literacy. Anna Geiger has fantastic resources for young learners, and I?m so excited that she now has a podcast! The episodes are quick but full of great tips for helping students learn in fun ways! -FreeFam3 on iTunes THE BEST OF EVERYTHING IN THE MEASURED MOM PLUS I save my best printables and mini-courses for our affordable, incredible membership site. When you join us for a monthly or yearly fee, you?ll get even more educational activities that require little prep but deliver BIG results. With your membership, you will receive: Access to our one-click printable library, where you will get immediate access to hundreds of engaging student printables. On-demand video workshops and mini-courses that will equip you to improve your teaching immediately. Free no-print resources that your learners can use in Google Slides on a desktop, laptop, or tablet. Special member savings on our shop?s digital products I absolutely love the membership site ? I learn so much! It literally lights up my day when I receive the weekly emails. -Genevieve We add new printables and no-print resources every month. You can learn more about The Measured Mom Plus here. Contact us We?d love to hear from you! You can reach our team by filling out the contact form here. ?Seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well.? ?Matthew 6:33 Copyright ? 2022 The Measured Mom ?  All rights reserved  ?  Privacy & Disclosure Statement  ?  Site Design by Emily White Designs